Multi-language chunks and chained setup chunks (#390)
rstudio/learnr: NEWS.md

* Introduced an [experimental](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental) function `external_evaluator()` which can be used to define an exercise evaluator that runs on a remote server and is invoked via HTTP. This allows all exercise execution to be performed outside of the Shiny process hosting the learnr document. ([#345](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/345), [#354](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/354))
* For the "forked" evaluator (the default used on Linux), add a limit to the number of forked exercises that learnr will execute in parallel. Previously, this was uncapped, which could cause a learnr process to run out of memory when an influx of traffic arrived. The default limit is 3, but it can be configured using the `tutorial.max.forked.procs` option or the `TUTORIAL_MAX_FORKED_PROCS` environment variable. ([#353](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/353))

> * Introduced "setup chunk chaining", which allows a setup chunk to depend on another setup chunk and so on, forming a chain of setup code that can be used for exercises via `exercise.setup`.

Reviewer: Add a link to each news bullet to the PR at the end of the line

Reviewer: Mention the demo tutorial `run_tutorial("setup-chunks", "learnr")`

> * Introduced an [experimental](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental) function `external_evaluator()` which can be used to define an exercise evaluator that runs on a remote server and is invoked via HTTP. This allows all exercise execution to be performed outside of the Shiny process hosting the learnr document. ([#345](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/345), [#354](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/354))
> * For the "forked" evaluator (the default used on Linux), add a limit to the number of forked exercises that learnr will execute in parallel. Previously, this was uncapped, which could cause a learnr process to run out of memory when an influx of traffic arrived. The default limit is 3, but it can be configured using the `tutorial.max.forked.procs` option or the `TUTORIAL_MAX_FORKED_PROCS` environment variable. ([#353](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/353))
> * Introduced "setup chunk chaining", which allows a setup chunk to depend on another setup chunk and so on, forming a chain of setup code that can be used for exercises via `exercise.setup`. Run `run_tutorial("setup-chunks", "learnr")` for a demo. ([#390](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/390))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced "setup chunk chaining", which allows a setup chunk to depend on another setup chunk and so on, forming a chain of setup code that can be used for exercises via `exercise.setup`. Run `run_tutorial("setup-chunks", "learnr")` for a demo. ([#390](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/390))
* Introduced an [experimental](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental) function `external_evaluator()` which can be used to define an exercise evaluator that runs on a remote server and is invoked via HTTP. This allows all exercise execution to be performed outside of the Shiny process hosting the learnr document. ([#345](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/345), [#354](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/354))
* For the "forked" evaluator (the default used on Linux), add a limit to the number of forked exercises that learnr will execute in parallel. Previously, this was uncapped, which could cause a learnr process to run out of memory when an influx of traffic arrived. The default limit is 3, but it can be configured using the `tutorial.max.forked.procs` option or the `TUTORIAL_MAX_FORKED_PROCS` environment variable. ([#353](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/353))
```

Reviewer: This is more important. Moving it up

## Minor new features and improvements

* Added an `exercise_submitted` event which is fired before evaluating an exercise. This event can be associated with an `exercise_result` event using the randomly generated `id` included in the data of both events. ([#337](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/337))
* Added a `restore` flag on `exercise_submitted` events which is `TRUE` if the exercise is being restored from a previous execution, or `FALSE` if the exercise is being run interactively.
* Add `label` field to the `exercise_hint` event to identify for which exercise the user requested a hint. ([#377](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/377))

> * Add and `include=FALSE` to setup chunks to prevent exercises from printing out messages or potential code output for those setup chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `include=FALSE` to setup chunks to prevent exercises from printing out messages or potential code output for those setup chunks.
```

> * Add error handling when user mispells or specificies a non-existent label for `exercise.setup` option with an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add error handling when user specifies a non-existent label for `exercise.setup` option with an error message.
```
